Extended policy docs (#379)
metalbear-co/mirrord.dev: content/docs/managing-mirrord/policies/index.md

## Policies

The installation of the mirrord operator defines two [custom resources](
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/) on your cluster:

> namespaced `MirrordPolicy` and clusterwide `MirrordClusterPolicy`. By creating policies you can limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a namespaced `MirrordPolicy` and a clusterwide `MirrordClusterPolicy`. By creating policies you can limit
```

Think you need `a`s there, or maybe `the`?

Author: I don't know :eyes:

Reviewer: It depends if you have multiple `MirrordPolicy` and/or multiple `MirrordClusterPolicy`, but in this case we create one of each, right?

So I think here it warrants `the`, instead of `a` as it's `THE MirrordPolicy`, right? And I think not having any (neither `a` nor `the`) is not correct?

Author: Ok, chatgpt confirms `the` :laughing: 
So be it

the use of some features of mirrord with selected targets.

> `MirrordPolicy` and `MirrordClusterPolicy` have the exact same specification.
> `MirrordPolicy` can apply only to targets living in the same namespace,
> while `MirrordClusterPolicy` can apply to all targets in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `MirrordPolicy` and `MirrordClusterPolicy` have the exact same specification;
- `MirrordPolicy` applies only to targets living in the same namespace;
- `MirrordClusterPolicy` applies to all targets in the cluster.
```

### Blockable features

Currently the set of blockable features contains:

> * `steal` - prevents mirrord sessions from stealing traffic in any way from the targeted pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `steal` - prevents mirrord sessions from stealing traffic from the targeted pods;
```

I think `in any way` ends up being a bit confusing here? If it prevents `stealing`, then it's assumed to prevent ALL `stealing`, imo.

Author: Updated

> * `steal-without-filter` - prevents mirrord sessions from stealing traffic from the targeted pods, unless HTTP filter is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `steal-without-filter` - allows stealing traffic from the targeted pods, when an HTTP filter is used;
```

Since we're talking about blockable things, then maybe we can inverse the text to say what this one allows, while everything else is assumed to be blocked?

Author: I wouldn't inverse anything here :V
I'd keep it self-contained and simple

Reviewer: That's fine too. I think most readers kinda skim over repeated stuff, but using the same `prevents` helps when searching.

You could go one further and use `blocks` instead of `prevents`. Up to you though.

> * `mirror` - prevents mirrord sessions from mirroring traffic from the targeted pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `mirror` - prevents mirroring traffic from the targeted pods.
```

Feels like name dropping `mirrord` here is redundant?

> If you are not using the latest operator version, the set of supported blocked features might be different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not using the latest operator version, the set of supported blockable features might be different.
```

We're talking about the features that we can block, not the ones that are blocked.

> In order to see the exact set of features you can block you can use `kubectl` command like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to see the exact set of features you can block, use the following `kubectl` command:
```

Two `you`s close together.
